Aragon Cooperative DAO 
Weekly Co-Ops Agenda & MoM Co-Ops *20190604*
===

###### tags: `Aragon Cooperative DAO` `Weekly Ops Meeting`

:::info
- **Location:** https://meet.jit.si/AragonCoop
- **Date:** 15-16:00 (UCT), Tuesday, weekly
- **Agenda**
1. Quick intros / new people (<30s each max) `5min`
	> [name=]
2. Updates / To Discuss (breakdown below) `10min`
> [name= Gus] Engagement Status `5min` 
    > [name= Gus] Purpose Building`5min
    >
    > [name= Gus] `Workflow
3.  Working Group updates (breakdown groups below) `10min`
> [name=] `5min` 
    > [name=] *`5min`
4. Any further business / outcomes `10min`
5.  Rafael `10min https://hackmd.io/U6E8ye_GQHi2xLOLCLOpiw?view (rafa doc)
`
- **Participants:**
    - Gustavo
    - Julian (notes)
    - Rafael
    - Aaron
- **Contact:** 
- **Host:** 
- **Reference:** - [Last weeks' meeting minutes (no meeting last week)](https://github.com/aragoncoop/meetings-and-minutes/blob/master/MoM-mo-da.md)

:::

###

- 

---
- 



##

:mag: research
---
### 
- 

:closed_book: Outputs
--

## Actions
___


## Notes 
<!-- Other important details discussed during the meeting can be entered here. -->

--
Gus presented on 'engagement status' and 'purpose building':
Situation is critical, many initial main promoters, i.e. luke, yalda, Jose have withdrawn input - queations around what is the group status.
Acknowledge concerns around proposed change name, is this withdrawal of brand?
Must consider that may be deemed a failed initiative.
So who is willing to defend the organisation?
It is up to us to prevent, resolve conflict.
There is still an interesting job available to reach something long term, with valued & meaningful opportunities for contributions.
Those who are openly engaged (are here in meeting) +burrrata.
Amongst those we are not showing collaboration.
THough burrrrata workflow approved, and we attempt to move on with proposal, concerns re his work, over-engaging, stopping others participating.
Also concerns re the possibility in having just one person asking for funding for his projects, concerns re so much potential voting (requires opportunity to discuss and defend these).
Gus wants to focus his effort on identifying... common purpose of community.

Further questions include: who is participating, what are the actual engagement numbers? (max 10-14 guesstimate from recent votes)
Good to understand who is pushing back, are there votes from people outside of the coop network? Certainly minimum of 8-10 people currently not participating at all.

wait for aaron to return (bas signal/connection) before discussing current github work
(didn't return unfortunately - would be great to discuss in person the recent github push, pros/cons)

*Rafa* https://hackmd.io/U6E8ye_GQHi2xLOLCLOpiw?view (rafa doc)
- goes through current/recent github docs and has many questions...
Proposes we bring in 'professional' - who? UX profs, meaning to open up some facilitation, scope problems and how to solve; notes that there are many possible solutions to current issues - how to fund ("why shouldn't we be able to ask")?
what are the ways we can help the A assoc?
'we need a few votes here, so there's no misunderstanding' (of purpose?)
He understands we are trying to work asyncronously and consensus is hard.
Would like to define initiative, many things already discussed amd proposed, manifesto forgotten post agp, we should never clear (get rid of) what has already been done - there was consensus, it got lost in the 'reset' -- "this is really important".
Above goes together with agp and membership, fix membership no.1 issue, to understand community, allocate required tokens.
Propose we get back in the DAO 
(we are fundamentally a Cooperative DAO, current situation perhaps not helping)
burrrata doing amazing work, hard to a grasp on everything, some doubts, unsure of references and discussions - metatrack could be easier, linking objectives via github issues.
We require a Coop blog, he's been going through various notes, more than enough material already exists. Still time for deliverables, but still much outsanding material to deliver.

which type of rules are we defining? - requires signalling so community/group not at cross purposes, directions are clear, should also be open, broad - "doesn't need to be a closed thing".
Important that we value disagreements (rafa would like to discuss w. burrrata, have more input)
Request to complete 'principles' (seen as important doc).
Can we reopen rinkeby voting, requires some authorisation from the coop, need to head back to rinkeby a.s.a.p..
We need longer sessions, 90m with more members (raised that there was originally proposed monthly weekender session for Coop)
Clear(er) coop governance model required.
Gus' excel doc seems possibly too complex - a good idea, with some execution issues (perhaps rethink)
Can argue perhaps that our influence is already showing across the network, many of our proposals and frameworks showing some influence, we have some good initiatives, ripples from these may be sensed from across the wider network.
Rafa proposing that to think about all this a bit more, is not necessairy a bad thing.
There has been important work done from the beginning, inc. how the workflow proposal outlines a lot of things that can still help (Luke).
Also many things from yalda, important ideas to implement, input from differing perspectives matters, need to work together to make these things happen.
Currently not using the DAO at all, this is a big problem.
What are our priorities: 1m1v and other tangible ideas (in linked hackmd doc).
Many of our issues are absolutely not aragon specific - these are serious widespread tech problems.
We are a manifesto based org: people had a vision; w. revolutionary tech to make these visions a reality, but in the end these are still human-centric problems to solve.
What Rafa has seen, is that the direction aragon should be heading is more human-centred.
Noticeable we didn't have any brainstorming, 'formal' collaborative type design sprint, once copmleted believes the way people read those signals will be different.
We really should (1st metatrack) create a coop of humans in trying to help the network to be more human=centric.
Build community signalling.
Innovtion requires much review, be reviewing what we do at a critical level - this is a serious responsibility, consider can we do it better, are we doing what we said at the beginning.
Should create a single source of news (blog mentioned above)
Currently github, keybase, forum et al. - single source of communication required - newsletter(s), 1 syncronous, 1 ad-hoc.
Important part of being humancentric, easy communication, collaboration, integration.
METATRACK - meaning, think of how we organise, how we design, creat decision map, accept limited perception, accept can't cover everything, always refer back.
1st (next?) meeting, keybase/github - lets vote if happy there
Could do with some signals - whats valuable, what's not from above?
OT - anyone have other ideas? Such things require sense of an open safe space for discussion.
Must fix membership: everyone requires way to request to vote - therefore current process actually illegitimate, why isn't the (membership/token) process clear? - people really want to vote.
let's set membership straight and get voting.
Gain signals from community, signals from outside.
These signals must be public, if anonymous is fine but not centralised/ or via dm's (gameable/controlling).
let's start voting, making use of current tools and being a DAO (on both rinkeby and mainnet).
MISSING IMPORTANT OTHER VOICES, but if necessary hope we can move on from there, we should start making decisions, lets move on, stasis bad for everyone.
How to best ask for feedback from coop members (& proto-members), let's solve this thing and then we are good to go.
Once these immediate issues sorted, then we can talk about other things, but must move fwd 1st.

**Actionable Items**
(please add)
* ?
