Aragon Cooperative DAO
Weekly Co-Ops Agenda & Minutes
===

###### tags: `Aragon Cooperative DAO` `Weekly Ops Meeting`

:::info
- **Location:** https://meet.jit.si/AragonCoop
- **Date:** 15-16:00 (UCT) 7th May 2019
- **Agenda**
1. Quick intros / new people (<30s each max) `5min`
	> [name=]
2. Working Group updates (breakdown groups below) `20min`
> [name=bylaws] [JB 1st draft doc](https://hackmd.io/28XRukNuRBGfUA3xiyeEwQ) `10min`
    > [name=OWL/Coop] JB described outcomes from earlier WG member conversation*`5min`
3. Finance & funds allocation [JB draft working proposal ](https://hackmd.io/eqF4wcxwQH6nHUzojUFPrQ?both) `10min`
4. Discussed aims and intentions of the AragonCoopDAO `10min`
6. Discussed DAOLIST and considered possible future plans for the project`10min
`
- **Participants:**
    - Julian (JB)
    - Marko
    - Onbjerg
    -
- **Contact:** Julian <mail@julianbrooks.net>
- **Host:** JB
- **Reference:** - [Last weeks' meeting minutes](https://github.com/aragoncoop/meetings-and-minutes/blob/master/MoM-04-29.md)
- **Recording of meeting:** - is [here](https://www.dropbox.com/s/7brp8mpgog12ww2/aragoncoop%20on%202019-05-07%2016%3A05.mp4?dl=0)
:::

###

-

---
- see above



##

:mag: research
---
###
-

:closed_book: Tasks
--


## Notes
<!-- Other important details discussed during the meeting can be entered here. -->
intros
julian discussed the working groups (wg)
julian discussed the coop principles wg
julian discussed the education wg
julian discussed the community fund dao wg
julian discussed the finance issues

** OWL/COOP/education working group (burrrata) unsure of current commitment availability. Position requires clarity (as does several coop issues atm).
Explained and discussed the coops aims (for new participants), with i.e. us being perceived as:
'a thinktank of knowledgeable community members' by newly joined participant.

daolist
(much talk re daolist - fascinating - recording worth checking out for further info)

**outcomes**
working groups require further allocations and firm commitments from members as well as more regular progess reports (coord)
finance and funding allocations are our primary and immediate concern - inc. Coop Coordinator roles and seperate bounty allocations
(requires a mainnet vote a.s.a.p. - Julian proposes)
